update tecdsa docs (#3050)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/smart-contracts/encryption/signing-messages.mdx

The API provides two methods: `sign_with_ecdsa` and `ecdsa_public_key`. The `sign_with_ecdsa` method is used to sign messages, while the `ecdsa_public_key` method is used to obtain public keys.

## Signing messages

To sign a message, the `sign_with_ecdsa` method is used. It follows the following Candid interface:

```candid
type sign_with_ecdsa_args = record {
    message_hash : blob;  // The hash of the message to sign.
    derivation_path : vec blob; // An optional derivation path 
    key_id : record { curve : ecdsa_curve; name : text };
};

type sign_with_ecdsa_result = record {
    signature : blob;
};

service: {
  sign_with_ecdsa : (sign_with_ecdsa_args) -> (sign_with_ecdsa_result);
}
```

The `sign_with_ecdsa` method allows to specify an optional `derivation_path` which allows a canister to request signatures for different keys controlled by the canister. The `key_id` field specifies the curve and name of the key to sign with.
Currently only the `secp256k1` curve, and the following key names are supported:

- `dfx_test_key1`: Only available on the local replica started by dfx.

> - `test_key_1`: Test key available on ICP mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test_key_1`: Test key available on the ICP mainnet.
```

> - `key_1`: Production key available on ICP mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `key_1`: Production key available on the ICP mainnet.
```

### Cost

> The `sign_with_ecdsa` method requires cycles to be attached. The `sign_with_ecdsa` method exposed in the Rust CDK automatically attaches the required cycles. In Motoko, the cycles have to be added manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sign_with_ecdsa` method requires cycles to be attached. When this method is exposed in the Rust CDK, the required cycles are automatically attached. In Motoko, the cycles need to be added manually.
```

  Cycles.add(10_000_000_000);
  
  let { signature } = await ic.sign_with_ecdsa({
    message_hash;
    derivation_path = [];
    key_id = { curve = #secp256k1; name = "dfx_test_key" };
  });
  
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="rust" label="rust" default>

```rust

  use ic_cdk::api::management_canister::ecdsa::{sign_with_ecdsa, EcdsaCurve, EcdsaKeyId, SignWithECDSA};
  
  let message = "Hello, World!";
  // sha256 needs to be imported!
  let message_hash = sha256(&message).to_vec();

  let request = SignWithECDSA {
    message_hash,
    derivation_path: vec![],
    key_id: EcdsaKeyId {
      curve: EcdsaCurve::Secp256k1,
      name: "dfx_test_key".to_string(),
  },

  let (response,) = sign_with_ecdsa(request)
    .await
    .expect("sign_with_ecdsa failed");

  let signature = response.signature;

}
```

</TabItem>
</AdornedTabs>

## Obtaining public keys

To verify a signature, the public key that corresponds to the private key that was used to sign the message is needed. Furthermore, the public key can be used to derive addresses controlled by the canister on various blockchain networks.

> The Internet Computper provides the `ecdsa_public_key` method to obtain public keys. The method follows the following Candid interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICP provides the `ecdsa_public_key` method to obtain public keys. This method uses the following Candid interface:
```

```candid
type ecdsa_public_key_args = record {
    canister_id : opt canister_id;
    derivation_path : vec blob;
    key_id : record { curve : ecdsa_curve; name : text };
};

type ecdsa_public_key_result = record {
    public_key : blob;
    chain_code : blob;
};

service : {
  ecdsa_public_key : (ecdsa_public_key_args) -> (ecdsa_public_key_result);
};
```

> The `ecdsa_public_key` method can be used to obtain public keys controlled by canisters. In contrast to the `sign_with_ecdsa` method, it allows to specify an optional `canister_id`, i.e. the caller can request public keys controlled by other canisters, but not signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ecdsa_public_key` method can be used to obtain public keys controlled by canisters. In contrast to the `sign_with_ecdsa` method, it allows specifying an optional `canister_id`, i.e. the caller can request public keys controlled by other canisters, but not signatures.
```
